One of the reasons that server and client-side coding can be so confusing,
is that it has a different setup,
a different folder structure than you might be used to.
When I say a folder structure,
what I mean is how the files are organized,
that eventually make up our web app.
So web projects that don't include a server,
they generally have all their files included in the same folder,
one folder, that the web knows to just look at a file
called index.html to get all its directions from.
You would also have any CSS or JavaScript files in that same folder,
which is being read directly by the browser.
However, when developing web projects that include an Express Server,
there needs to be an additional file created that is outside
and the same level as the folder that includes the index HTML,
and all the other browser folders.
So one file, the server file,
is for node, and the other folder has all the files for the browser.
Let's look at an example of what that might look like.
So in this example,
because the name of our folder containing all the browser files is website,
in our server.js file,
we would put the code app.use(express.static('website'));
which is just a string representing
the name of the folder we want to point the server to.
If we go back to the example we were looking at with the full code,
we see a very similar line.
The only difference here is that we passed in the string demo instead of website,
because the folder we want to go into is called demo.
If we wanted our server to point to website we would just put website.
The structure may take a bit to get used to,
but once you start writing code differently,
your mind will start to understand the logic of this setup.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6